Add SPV_INTEL_optnone extension spec (#3198)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/SPIRV/SPV_INTEL_optnone.asciidoc

Contributors
------------

- Mariya Podchishchaeva, Intel
- Ben Ashbaugh, Intel
- Alexey Sotkin, Intel

Notice
------

Copyright (c) 2020 Intel Corporation. All rights reserved.

Status
------
First draft

Version
-------

[width="40%",cols="25,25"]
|========================================
| Last Modified Date | 2020-12-17
| Revision           | 2
|========================================

Dependencies
------------

This extension is written against the SPIR-V Specification,
Version 1.5 Revision 4, Unified

This extension requires SPIR-V 1.0.

Overview
--------

This extension adds new possible value for Function Control mask - *OptNoneINTEL*,
which represents a strong request to not optimize the function.

Extension Name
--------------

To use this extension within a SPIR-V module, the following
*OpExtension* must be present in the module:

----
OpExtension "SPV_INTEL_optnone*
----

Modifications to the SPIR-V Specification, Version 1.5, Revision 4, Unified
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Capabilities
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Modify Section 3.31, "Capability", adding these rows to the Capability table:

--
[options="header"]
|====

> 2+^| Capability ^| Depends On

Reviewer: The table in section 3.31 has slightly different header now.

```suggestion
2+^| Capability ^| Implicitly Declares
```

SPV_INTEL_optnone
=================

Name Strings
------------

SPV_INTEL_optnone

Contact
-------

To report problems with this extension, please open a new issue at:

> https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Headers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
https://github.com/intel/llvm
```

Author: Why?

Reviewer 2: We are not publishing it there so I don't understand why do we need to redirect questions there

Contributors
------------

- Mariya Podchishchaeva, Intel
- Ben Ashbaugh, Intel
- Alexey Sotkin, Intel

Notice
------

Copyright (c) 2020 Intel Corporation. All rights reserved.

Status
------
First draft

Version
-------

[width="40%",cols="25,25"]
|========================================
| Last Modified Date | 2020-12-17
| Revision           | 2
|========================================

Dependencies
------------

This extension is written against the SPIR-V Specification,
Version 1.5 Revision 4, Unified

This extension requires SPIR-V 1.0.

Overview
--------

> This extension adds new possible value for Function Control mask - *OptNoneINTEL*.
> *OptNoneINTEL* value in a Function Control mask is a strong request to not optimize
> the function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This extension adds new possible value for Function Control mask - *OptNoneINTEL*,
which represents a strong request to not optimize the function.
```
